text for the web site

Travel - Trains: Jephson Gardens are a short walk from Leamington Spa train station. 
Car: Head for the town centre and we recommend St Peter’s car park - costs per 24 hours - as it is well signed on most routes in and close to the venue.

[map with train station, St Peters, Glass house marked on it?]


Accommodation  - The Angel Hotel is near to the park www.angelhotelleamington.co.uk or the Travel lodge on the Parade http://www.travelodge.co.uk/hotels/143/The-Regent-Hotel-Leamington-Spa-hotel is also very close a somewhat cheaper


Gifts - As we have both owned houses for some time, and are both working, we don’t feel the need for any large wedding gifts. (Honestly we have all the ‘stuff’ we need.) However, if you would like to contribute a small donation to Medcins sans frontiers we have set up a just giving page (www.justgiving.com/fundraising/AlexandSimonWed). Please don’t feel obliged to give anything though; we would far rather that you come and enjoyed yourself. 



Dress code - We really don’t want to be prescriptive about this; there is no theme to adhere to. Simon will probably wear a morning suit and Alex is not going for the traditional dress but a radical modern bifurcated skirt - but don’t worry there will be lace and probably sequins too. As for you, our lovely guests we want you to be happy, comfortable and gorgeous. As the venus is a glass house in a park in midsummer full-on formal evening is probably a bit much. 

The day - As the venue is so close to our house we will probably walk there and not take a fancy car! The ceremony will start at 1pm promptly and last about half an hour before photos. We hope that the weather will be brilliant and that we will be able to enjoy the park and ice cream. The wedding breakfast will be at 3pm, so perhaps a hearty breakfasts in order. 

The venue - We have the green house and the restaurant reserved for the whole day, so everything will take place in there. The surrounding park will be open to the public and there is a little play ground for children just over the bridge and a boating pound for grown-up kids too! 

 

